{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12840\viewh14200\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 GRADING RUBRIC FOR FINAL PROJECT\
\
\
Critera	Points\
Your name and class (IST 719) clear on poster (can include a photo of you)	1\
Poster is minimum 2\'92 x 3\'92 max 3\'92 x 4\'92 (1' x 4' ok)	1\
Poster Story: Two sentences that provide overall context for the poster.	2\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sa120\partightenfactor0

\fs17 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 \
\
Motivation: 2 or 3 sentences that answer these questions: 1) who might be interested in this (audience); 2) why might they be interested. Ideally, this text leads to your questions (next item). 2\
Questions: between 2 and 3 questions (with question mark) that can only be answered by relating two or more fields of data.	2\
Data description text: 2 or 3 sentences that includes number of rows and columns, what the data is about and note subsetting, cleaning, and aggregations.	2\
Sources: data source, R packages, R scripts, any templates, vector or raster images (small clip art, icons and small bits of code are excluded).	2\
Data descriptive plots: 2 to 4 single dimension plots that show the data distributions. Uses appropriate data encoding. Used R to make plot. These plots don't answer your questions. They provide insight into your data set and help provide depth to your overall data story.	3\
Key visualization: the main plot. Must be 2 or more dimensions showing a relationship that answers one of your questions. Uses appropriate data encoding. Use R to make plot. Should be in its own sub-heading area on poster with a relevant title.	3\
Supporting Visualization(s): one or two additional multi dimension visualizations that answer your other questions.  Uses appropriate data encoding. Used R to make plot. Should be in its own sub-heading area on poster with a relevant title.	3\
Color: consistent, appropriate, appealing	2\
Layout and use of space: good alignment, space for eye to rest, good navigation clues, not crowded	2\
Image Quality: vector graphics or high resolution supporting images	2\
Good overall design. Has WOW factor.	2\
Files uploaded: Your original Adobe Illustrator file, a pdf of the poster, and all R script(s) that load data, do some data prep work, and make your plots.	1\
Total	30\
Specific ways I think about the poster as I grade it:\
Could I reproduce your work? Could I find the data, select the same subset or do the same kinds of aggregations? What packages would I need? Did you have to do a lot of work to clean the data? If you used graphics or templates from the web, can I find and use them as well?\
\
How is the overall effect? Does the poster support the "3 distances" (across the room appeal, middle distance topic overview, up close detail).\
\
Does the layout and other visual elements support a visual hierarchy that enables quick navigation? Do you have clear sections for different areas (data description, areas for the two important plots, maybe an area for questions and motivation).\
\
Is the text readable in terms of appropriate spacing, size, grammar and spelling? \
\
Is the code commented and organized reasonably well? Does the AI file use layers to organize the poster?\
\
\
END!
\f1 \
}